test(wsl): fix CAROOT propagation for buildkite-agent on WSL2 (#8334)
drud/ddev: docs/content/developers/buildkite-testmachine-setup.md

3. `docker context use lima-lima-vz`

Then the Buildkite agent must be configured with tags `lima=true`.

## Running Targeted Builds on Specific Pipelines

To test a branch against only selected pipelines (e.g. WSL2 only) or to run a subset of tests without waiting for the full matrix:

1. Push your branch to upstream.
2. In the [Buildkite dashboard](https://buildkite.com/ddev), open the pipeline you want (e.g. "wsl2-docker-inside").
3. Click **New Build** and set the branch to your branch name.
4. Expand **Environment Variables** and add:

    ```
    TESTARGS=-run TestCheck -failfast
    ```

>     Adjust the `-run` pattern to match the tests you want. Use a common prefix where possible. If you need `|` for alternation, wrap the regex in single quotes so the shell does not interpret the pipe as a pipeline operator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Adjust the `-run` pattern to match the tests you want. Use a common prefix where possible. If you need `|` for alternation, wrap the regular expression in single quotes so the shell does not interpret the pipe as a pipeline operator:
```
